qQuickLicence
=============

This license governs use of the accompanying software ("Software"), and your use of 
the Software constitutes acceptance of this license.

You may use the Software for any commercial or noncommercial purpose, including 
distributing derivative works.

In return, it is required that you agree:

1.  Not to remove any copyright or other notices from the Software. 
2.  That if you distribute the Software in source code form you do so only under
    this license (i.e. you must include a complete copy of this license with your
    distribution in a plain text file named QQuickLicence.txt),
    and if you distribute the Software solely in object form
    you only do so under a license that complies with this license. 
3.  That the Software comes "as is", with no warranties. None whatsoever. This 
    means no express, implied or statutory warranty, including without limitation, 
    warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or any 
    warranty of title or non-infringement. Also, you must pass this disclaimer on 
    whenever you distribute the Software or derivative works. 
4.  That neither Geatec Engineering nor any contributor to the Software will be liable for any 
    of those types of damages known as indirect, special, consequential, or 
    incidental related to the Software or this license, to the maximum extent the law 
    permits, no matter what legal theory it's based on. Also, you must pass this 
    limitation of liability on whenever you distribute the Software or derivative 
    works.
5.  That you will not use or cause usage of the Software in safety-critical situations
    under any circumstances.
6.  That if you sue anyone over patents that you think may apply to the Software for a 
    person's use of the Software, your license to the Software ends automatically. 
7.  That your rights under this License end automatically if you breach it in any way.
8.  That all rights not expressly granted to you in this license are reserved.


